RFC: Label RFCs With Spec (#108)
buildpacks/rfcs: text/0000-label-rfcs.md

# Meta
[meta]: #meta
- Name: Label RFCs With Specification And Target Audience
- Start Date: 2020-08-15
- Author(s): ForestEckhardt
- RFC Pull Request: (leave blank)
- CNB Pull Request: (leave blank)
- CNB Issue: (leave blank)
- Supersedes: (N/A)

# Summary
[summary]: #summary

It would be nice to start labeling RFCs with a label that indicates which part
of the specification (i.e. Buildpack Interface, Distribution, Platform
Interface) is being affected as well as a label to indicate the target audience
(i.e. Buildpack Authors, CNB Contributors, Platform Operators) of the change.

# Motivation
[motivation]: #motivation

Indicating which part of the specification the RFC is purposing to update or
modify will make the RFC more discoverable because it will allow people to

> focus in on certain RFCs that effect them. This means that potentially effected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
focus in on certain RFCs that affect them. This means that potentially affected
```
https://www.grammarly.com/blog/affect-vs-effect/#:~:text=Here's%20the%20short%20version%20of,the%20result%20of%20a%20change.

parties have to spend less time wading through all of the RFCs in the
repository to find the handful that will affect them. Overall, this change will
make reviewing RFCs a much more manageable process for new members and people
that are concerned with specific parts of the specification.

# Implementation
[Implementation]: #implementation

> During any Working Group meeting, when a new RFC is brought up it should at

Reviewer 2: Should we try to do this during the weekly review of RFCs or would that bog that process down too much? Thoughts @sclevine?

Reviewer 2: From the WG: we should be able to handle this as we go through the RFCs every week if you want to update @ForestEckhardt

Author: @hone Sounds good to me. I will update this when I get the change.
